Reaching the end of a job interview, the Human Resources Officer asks a young engineer fresh out of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, "And what starting salary are you looking for?" The engineer replies, "In the region of $125,000 a year, depending on the benefits package." The interviewer inquires, "Well, what would you say to a package of five weeks vacation, 14 paid holidays, full medical and dental, company matching retirement fund to 50% of salary, and a company car leased every two years, say, a red Corvette?" The engineer sits up straight and says, "Wow! Are you kidding?" The interviewer replies, "Yeah, but you started it."
Why did the can crusher quit his job? Because it was soda pressing.
How is Christmas like your job? You do all the work and the fat guy in the suit gets all the credit.
An organization is like a tree full of monkeys, all on different limbs at different levels. The monkeys on top look down and see a tree full of smiling faces. The monkeys on the bottom look up and see nothing but assholes.
A lawyer runs a stop sign and gets pulled over by a sheriff. He thinks he's smarter being a big shot lawyer from New York and has a better education than an sheriff from West Virginia. The sheriff asks for license and registration. The lawyer asks, "What for?" The sheriff responds, "You didn't come to a complete stop at the stop sign." The lawyer says, "I slowed down and no one was coming." "You still didn't come to a complete stop. License and registration please," say the sheriff impatiently. The lawyer says, "If you can show me the legal difference between slow down and stop, I'll give you my license and registration and you can give me the ticket. If not, you let me go and don't give me the ticket." The sheriff says, "That sounds fair, please exit your vehicle." The lawyer steps out and the sheriff takes out his nightstick and starts beating the lawyer with it. The sheriff says, "Do you want me to stop or just slow down?"
Two factory workers are talking. The woman says, "I can make the boss give me the day off." The man replies, "And how would you do that?" The woman says, "Just wait and see." She then hangs upside down from the ceiling. The boss comes in and says, "What are you doing?" The woman replies, "I'm a light bulb." The boss then says, "You've been working so much that you've gone crazy. I think you need to take the day off." The man starts to follow her and the boss says, "Where are you going?" The man says, "I'm going home, too. I can't work in the dark."
A doctor reaches into his smock to get a pen to write a prescription and pulls out a rectal thermometer. "Oh, damn it," he proclaims, "Some asshole has my pen!"
A thief stuck a pistol in a man's ribs and said, "Give me your money." The gentleman, shocked by the sudden attack, said, "You cannot do this, I'm a congressman!" The thief replied, "In that case, give me MY money!"
A boss said to his secretary, "I want to have sex with you, but I will make it very fast. I'll throw $1,000 on the floor and by the time you bend down to pick it up, I'll be done." She thought for a moment then called her boyfriend and told him the story. Her boyfriend said, "Do it but ask him for $2,000. Then pick up the money so fast, he won't even have enough time to undress himself." She agrees. After half an hour passes, the boyfriend calls the girlfriend and asks, "So what happened?" She responds, "The bastard used coins, so I'm still picking it up and he is still having sex with me!"
A doctor and a lawyer are talking at a party.Their conversation is constantly interrupted by people describing their ailments and asking the doctor for free medical advice.After an hour of this, the exasperated doctor asks the lawyer, "What do you do to stop people from asking you for legal advice when you're out of the office?""I give it to them," replies the lawyer, "and then I send them a bill."The doctor is shocked, but agrees to give it a try.The next day, still feeling slightly guilty, the doctor prepares the bills.When he goes to place them in his mailbox, he finds a bill from the lawyer.
Three doctors are discussing which types of patients they prefer. Doctor Watson says, ''I prefer librarians. All their organs are alphabetized.'' Doctor Fitzpatrick says, ''I prefer mathematicians. All their organs are numbered.'' Doctor Ahn says, ''I prefer lawyers. They’re gutless, heartless, brainless, spineless, and their heads and rear-ends are interchangeable.''
A lawyer is standing in a long line at the box office. Suddenly, he feels a pair of hands kneading his shoulders, back, and neck. The lawyer turns around. "What the hell do you think you're doing?" "I'm a chiropractor, and I'm just keeping in practice while I'm waiting in line." "Well, I'm a lawyer, but you don't see me screwing the guy in front of me, do you?"
A local United Way office realized that the organization had never received a donation from the town's most successful lawyer. The person in charge of contributions called him to persuade him to contribute. "Our research shows that out of a yearly income of at least $500,000, you did not give a penny to charity. Wouldn't you like to give back to the community in some way?" The lawyer mulled this over for a moment and replied, "First, did your research also show that my mother is dying after a long illness, and has medical bills that are several times her annual income?" Embarrassed, the United Way rep mumbled, "Um, no." The lawyer interrupts, "Or that my brother, a disabled veteran, is blind and confined to a wheelchair?" The stricken United Way rep began to stammer out an apology, but was interrupted again. "Or that my sister's husband died in a traffic accident," the lawyer's voice rising in indignation, "leaving her penniless with three children?!" The humiliated United Way rep, completely beaten, said simply, "I had no idea." On a roll, the lawyer cut him off once again, "So if I don't give any money to them, why should I give any to you?"
As a group of soldiers stood in formation at an Army Base, the Drill Sergeant said, "All right! All you idiots fall out." As the rest of the squad wandered away, one soldier remained at attention. The Drill Instructor walked over until he was eye to eye with him, and then raised a single eyebrow. The soldier smiled and said, "Sure was a lot of 'em, huh, sir?"
"What do you want to be when you grow up?" "A doctor." "And why's that?" "Because it's the only profession where you can tell women to take off their clothes and then stick their husbands with the bill."
A man was walking down the street and saw a sign in a store window that said "Help Wanted," so the man ran in the store and yelled out, "What's wrong?!"
Pappu:My internet is not working properly..oOfficer:Ok, Double click on “My computer”Pappu:I can’t see ur computer..Officer:No no.. click on “My computer” on ur computer..Pappu:How can I click on ur computer from my computer?..Officer:listen.. There is an icon labelled “My Computer” on ur computer.. Ok. double click on it..Pappu:what the hell, what is your computer doing on my computer..???Officer:Double click on ur computer..Pappu:On which Icon i’ve to click..Officer:“My Computer”..Pappu:…Oh u Idiot…… Tell me where is ur office…I’ll come there and click on ur “Computer.
What did the psychiatrist say when a man wearing nothing but saran wrap walked in to the office?I can clearly see "you're" nuts....
Being an astronaut is funny. It's the only job where you get fired before you start work.
Employe: "I bet you $6,000 i can piss in your cup 30 meters away."Boss: "Ok I would like to see you try."Employe: As he moves on pissing all over the floor loosing $6,000 not caring.Boss: "Ha you just lost $6,000."Secratary: "God damnit!"Boss: "Whats wrong?"Secratary: "He bet me $200,000 he could piss allover your floor and you would be happy about it!"
A Guy urgently needed a few days off work,But, he knew the Boss would not allow him to leave.he thought that maybe if he acted "Crazy"Then he would tell him to take a few days off.So, he hung upside-down on the ceiling &Made funny noises.His co-worker (who's blonde)! asked him what he was doing.He told her that he was pretending to be a light bulb,So, that the Boss might think he was "Crazy" & give him a few days off.A few minutes later the Boss came into the office and asked,"What are you doing?"He told him he was a light bulb.He said, "You are clearly stressed out."Go home & recuperate for a couple of days."He jumped down & walked out of the office...When his co-worker (the blonde) followed him,The Boss asked her"...And where do you think you're going?!"She said,"I'm going home too, I can't work in the dark!!
What do you call a lawyer who doesn't know the law? A judge.
I love pressing F5. It is so refreshing.
I love pressing F5. It is so refreshing.
What do your boss and a slinky have in common? They’re both fun to watch tumble down the stairs.
A scientist and a philosopher are being chased by a hungry lion. The scientist makes some quick calculations and says, “It's no good trying to outrun it. It's catching up!” The philosopher keeps a little ahead and replies, “I'm not trying to outrun the lion, I'm trying to outrun you!”
What do you have when 100 lawyers are buried up to their necks in sand? Not enough sand.
What's the difference between a genealogist and a gynecologist? The genealogist checks the family tree and the gynecologist checks the family bush.
What do you call a bench full of white people? The NBA!
An old woman walked into a dentist's office, took off all her clothes and spread her legs. The dentist said, ''I think you have the wrong room.'' ''You put in my husband's teeth last week," she replied. "Now you have to remove them."
An infinite crowd of mathematicians enter a bar. The first one orders a pint, the second one orders half a pint, the third one orders a quarter pint. The bartender says, "I understand," and pours two pints.
An old lady rushed into the police department and claimed she was raped. When asked what the guy looked like, she said she didn't know, only that he was a contractor. When asked how she knew that, she yelled, "All he could say was, 'I'm coming! I'm coming!' and he never finished the job."
Why was the lawyer skimming the Bible right before he died? He was looking for loopholes!
Why won't sharks attack lawyers? Professional courtesy.
Guy calls in to his Boss:Worker: I can't come to work today. I'm sickBoss: Oh yea! What's wrong with you now?Worker: I have anal glaucoma.Boss: What the hell is that?Worker: I just can't see my ass working today.
Why is christmas just like the day at the office?You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit.
If debugging is the process of removing software bugs, then programming must be the process of putting them in.
While visiting a friend in the hospital, a young man notices several pretty nurses, each one of them wearing a pin designed to look like an apple. “What does the pin signify?” he asks one of them. “Oh! Nothing,” she says with a chuckle, “we just use it to keep the doctors away.”
A dentist told a mother, "I'm sorry madam, but I'll have to charge you a $100 for pulling your boy's tooth." The mother exclaimed, "A $100! You said it was only $20!" "Yes," replied the dentist, "but he yelled so loudly that he scared four other patients out of the office!"
What is the difference between a waitress who works in a strip club and an actual stripper? About two weeks.
Boss: Do you believe in life after death?Employee: No, because there is no proof of it.Boss: Well there is now !Employee: How?Boss: When you left yesterday saying that you have to go to your uncle's funeral, your uncle came here looking for you after you left
What can a goose do that a duck can't, but a lawyer should? Shove its bill up its ass!
If an accountant's spouse cannot sleep, what is the best cure? Ask the accountant to talk about their work.
Why can't designated hitters bake pancakes? They also forget the batter.
Why are proctologists so gloomy? They always have the end in sight.
We've been reading in the papers lately about terrible cruelty someone is causing to our winged friends by the shore, as many Pelicans have been found with their beaks cut off. Police suspect a local bill collector is behind it all.
Do you know what happens if you piss of a pilot? He takes off.
How can you tell when an engineer is an extrovert. He stares at YOUR shoes while he talks to you.
What did the fireman name his two sons? Jose and Jose B.
They say what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, but lawyers can find you anywhere.
Why was the civil engineer's relationship so unstable? Because there was no truss left!
While taking the interview, the employer asked the candidate:Employer: So, how long did you work during your'e last job?Candidate: 30 yearsEmployer: oh, you look young how old are youCandidate: 20 years oldThe employer was surprised and asked the candidate how she worked 30 years and has only been living for 20 years??Candidate: Overtime!
The Job Interview:- Name?- Angus MacTavish.- Age?- 43.- Place of birth?- Isle Of Rum.- Slow down, we'll get to your hobbies later.
