Do not be racist; be like Mario. He's an Italian plumber, who was made by the Japanese, speaks English, looks like a Mexican, jumps like a black man, and grabs coins like a Jew!
Yo momma is so fat, when she sat on an iPod, she made the iPad!
Reaching the end of a job interview, the Human Resources Officer asks a young engineer fresh out of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, "And what starting salary are you looking for?" The engineer replies, "In the region of $125,000 a year, depending on the benefits package." The interviewer inquires, "Well, what would you say to a package of five weeks vacation, 14 paid holidays, full medical and dental, company matching retirement fund to 50% of salary, and a company car leased every two years, say, a red Corvette?" The engineer sits up straight and says, "Wow! Are you kidding?" The interviewer replies, "Yeah, but you started it."
Why couldn't the blonde add 10 + 5 on a calculator? She couldn't find the "10" button.
Your momma is so stupid she put airbags on her computer in case it crashed.
Yo momma so fat when she registered for MySpace there was no space left.
Mother: "Sweetie, make a Christmas wish." Girl: "I wish that Santa will send some clothes to those naked girls in papa's computer."
What do computers eat for a snack? Microchips!
The energizer bunny was arrested on a charge of battery.
I named my hard drive "dat ass," so once a month my computer asks if I want to "back dat ass up."
What computer sings the best? A Dell.
What's Forrest Gump’s password? 1forrest1
I decided to make my password "incorrect" because if I type it in wrong, my computer will remind me, "Your password is incorrect."
Does anyone remember the Swatch, a watch made in Switzerland? Thank god Croatia didn't come up with the idea first. Just imagine if someone were to ask you what time is it? "Oh pardon me while I look at my crotch."
How can you tell if a blonde used a computer? There's Wite-Out all over the screen.
Dear Tech Support,Last year I upgraded from Boyfriend 5.0 to Husband 1.0 and noticed a distinct slow down in overall system performance -- particularly in the flower and jewelry applications, which operated flawlessly under Boyfriend 5.0.In addition, Husband 1.0 uninstalled many other valuable programs, such as Romance 9.5 and Personal Attention 6.5 and then installed undesirable programs such as NFL 5.0, NBA 3.0, and Golf Clubs 4.1. Conversation 8.0 no longer runs, and Housecleaning 2.6 simply crashes the system. I've tried running Nagging 5.3 to fix these problems, but to no avail.What can I do?Signed, DesperateDear Desperate,First keep in mind, Boyfriend 5.0 is an Entertainment Package, while Husband 1.0 is an Operating System.Please enter the command "! http: I Thought You Loved Me.html" and try to download Tears 6.2 and don't forget to install the Guilt 3.0 update. If that application works as designed, Husband 1.0 should then automatically run the applications Jewelry 2.0 and Flowers 3.5.But remember,overuse of the above application can cause Husband 1.0 to default to Grumpy Silence 2.5, Happy Hour 7.0 or Beer 6.1. Beer 6.1 is a very bad program that will download the Snoring Loudly Beta.Whatever you do, DO NOT install Mother-in-law 1.0 (it runs a virus in the background that will eventually seize control of all your system resources). Also, do not attempt to reinstall the Boyfriend 5.0 program.These are unsupported applications and will crash Husband 1.0.In summary, Husband 1.0 is a great program, but it does have limited memory and cannot learn new applications quickly. You might consider buying additional software to improve memory and performance. We recommend! Food 3.0 and HotLingerie 7.7.Good Luck, Tech Support
What does an air conditioner have in common with a computer? They both lose efficiency as soon as you open windows.
What did the spider do on the computer? Made a website!
Pappu:My internet is not working properly..oOfficer:Ok, Double click on “My computer”Pappu:I can’t see ur computer..Officer:No no.. click on “My computer” on ur computer..Pappu:How can I click on ur computer from my computer?..Officer:listen.. There is an icon labelled “My Computer” on ur computer.. Ok. double click on it..Pappu:what the hell, what is your computer doing on my computer..???Officer:Double click on ur computer..Pappu:On which Icon i’ve to click..Officer:“My Computer”..Pappu:…Oh u Idiot…… Tell me where is ur office…I’ll come there and click on ur “Computer.
Me: Siri, where is the best place to hide a body?Siri: The second page of a Google search.
Dear Tech Support:Last year I upgraded from Girlfriend 7.0 to Wife 1.0. I soon noticed that the new program began unexpected child processing that took up a lot of space and valuable resources.In addition, Wife 1.0 installed itself into all other programs and now monitors all other system activity. Applications such as Poker Night 10.3, Football 5.0, Hunting and Fishing 7.5, and Racing 3.6.I can''t seem to keep Wife 1.0 in the background while attempting to run my favorite applications. I'm thinking about going back to Girlfriend 7.0, but the uninstall doesn't work on Wife 1.0. Please help!Thanks,Troubled UserDear Troubled User:This is a very common problem that men complain about.Many people upgrade from Girlfriend 7.0 to Wife 1.0, thinking that it is just a Utilities and Entertainment program. Wife 1.0 is an OPERATING SYSTEM and is designed by its Creator to run EVERYTHING !!! It is also impossible to delete Wife 1.0 and to return to Girlfriend 7.0. It is impossible to uninstall, or purge the program files from the system once installed.You cannot go back to Girlfriend 7.0 because Wife 1.0 is designed to not allow this. Look in your Wife 1.0 manual under Warnings-Alimony/Child Support. I recommend that you keep Wife 1.0 and work on improving the situation. I suggest installing the background application "Yes Dear" to alleviate software augmentation.The best course of action is to enter the command C:\APOLOGIZE! because ultimately you will have to give the APOLOGIZE command before the system will return to normal anyway.Wife 1.0 is a great program, but it tends to be very high maintenance. Wife 1.0 comes with several support programs, such as Clean and Sweep 3.0, Cook It 1.5, and Do Bills 4.2. However, be very careful how you use these programs. Improper use will cause the system to launch the program Nag Nag 9.5. Once this happens, the only way to improve the performance of Wife 1.0 is to purchase additional software. I recommend Flowers 2.1 and Diamonds 5.0!WARNING!!! DO NOT, under any circumstances, install Secretary With Short Skirt 3.3. This application is not supported by Wife 1.0 and will cause irreversible damage to the operating system!Best of luck,Tech Support
Three guys are sitting in a sauna: a Mexican, an Asian, and a white guy. The Mexican and white guy are showing off their new tech gadgets. The white guy says, "Hey, look what I got: the new Google Glass!" The Mexican & Asian say, "Wow, that's nice, man." Then the Mexican guy says, "Check out my new cellphone; it's a watch!" The white guy and Asian say, "Very cool, dude." The Asian guy has nothing to show these guys, so he gets up and walks away naked to to the bathroom. Then he comes back 5 minutes later from the bathroom still naked with paper hanging out of his butt crack. The Mexican and white guy say, "Hey, you have something hanging out of your ass." The Asian guy says, "Oh look, I'm receiving a Fax!"
Why shouldn't Facebook have paid $1 billion dollars for Instagram? They could've downloaded it for free!
What did the computer do at lunchtime? Had a byte!
Yo mamma is so fat that when she sat on a laptop, the hardware turned into software!
Why are conspiracy theories are like moon landings? Because they're all fake.
How easy is it to count in binary? It’s as easy as 01 10 11.
I put my phone on airplane mode, but it sure ain't flyin'.
How many light bulbs does it take to change a light bulb? They can't; they're not bright enough.
Bill Gates walked into an APPLE store and farted but it was APPLE'S fault that they had no WINDOWS.
My grandfather once told me my generation relied too much on technology, I screamed to him that his dos and unplugged his life support
Sam: Hey John!John: Hey!Sam: Did you know Microsoft just bought Skype for ten million dollars?John: Really!?John: Idiots.... They could have downloaded it for free.
